Sontag/Atwood: Anya's mom wanted her to live in a suite with a kitchen or some shit so she ditched the girls in second floor atwood (Ashley, Daksha...) and then Anya moved to sontag. Another suite of randos moved to sontag which caused a TON of shifting. A lot of people starting getting fucked over. The person who got fucked over the most was Jenny Lee who's now living in an efficiency with her boy, TY. The frosh in the triple Ashley+friends were gonna pull couldn't be lockpulled and now their getting pulled by Gary's suite who they don't like. 
Julia is PISSED at Jeni for bragging about getting Sontag to literally everyone and claiming she's gonna be president and planning suites for next year. 
As far as Alicia, Gabi was being a TOTAL bitch but it worked out and Alicia has a single. She got mad at Alicia and Sati for "telling her what to do" even though she didn't know how roomdraw works (didn't even know what day it was) and asked what to do to fuck over the least people. She's still salty for no reason. Last night Eliana pulled into the wrong room and Marianna and Kitty pulled in with Gabi and Ava. Sati told them that wouldn't happen tonight and now Marianna and Kitty + their friends are mad at Sati for warning them that this would happen. I proxied for Eliana tonight and everything went to plan. Also GABE SUCKS (hi gabe)

Linde: Here's the real drama. Eric, Matt, Jesus, and Mo had been planning to take the linde suite with four singles for the whole year. During digital draw out of nowhere, Maya and Youkang pull into the suite because they have higher numbers. Then Sonja and Ivy pull in there as well. Backstory: The Maya, Youkang, Eric, Matt, Mo, Jesus group is fucked up. The boys treat the girls like shit on a regular basis and their tired of it. They weren't talking even before room draw even tho they used to be a solid friend group. Brenden and Scott wanted to go to North but they were bumped and didn't redraw on digital. Scott decided to help the boys and so during mock Scott pulled Matt into the suite assuming that would bump the girls out. Youkang got pissed and pulled her and Maya in there. Youkang/Matt and Maya/Scott are all exes on really bad terms. Maya's in Chicago and Youkang's proxying. According to Youkang, Maya was okay with anything Youkang did. According to the guys, Maya did not want to live with Scott and frantically called Youkang but she refused to pick up her phone. The boys tried to gender lock the suite to get the girls out but the rules are different and now you have to petition a gender lock weeks in advance. Youkang tried to call a JB hearing against one of the boys but Hamsa said there wasn't enough evidence. An emergency proctor meeting was called to deal with it. After the meeting Youkang told me she was still pulling into the suite but when she got to room draw she was balling because Brenden called Maya on Scott's phone and they convinced her it would fuck over a ton of people (which it kind of would but linde was messed up anyway). Youkang and Maya pulled into Nevada and they pulled Hillary and Rebecca (yay!). Youkang couldn't stop crying and was complaining about the situation to people. The boys were super happy and gloating about it but also upset that Youkang was vilanizing them. It was a lot.

I've been talking to Youkang a lot and here are the highlights from our convo:
"brenden looked me in the eye and said "i know you and how you work and you are gonna move out""
"brenden was so bothered that their reputation is getting hurt" (ironic bc who even likes brenden???)
"I want to see them burned alive"
"i honestly think they are pussies and i have bigger balls than they do legit they can suck my dick"